📖 Add How-To about setting up everything (#2)
process-engine/contribution_guidelines: scripts/setup/README.md

# Setup

## Prerequisites

The following is required to run the setup:

> - A UNIX Shell (You can use `git bash` on windows)

Reviewer: Bitte Leerzeile oberhalb einfügen.

- A working `npm` installation that contains the `meta` tool.
    - Install meta globally with `npm install -g meta`

> This guide assumes that you have a basic understanding on how meta works.

Reviewer: > of how `meta` works

> If you do not know about meta, it is recommended that you read [this](https://www.npmjs.com/package/meta) first.

Reviewer: Wir könnten überlegen "meta" im Satz zuvor auf die npm-Seite zu verlinken und diesen Satz zu entfernen.

## Contents

This setup consist of three files:

>  - `.meta` - Contains a list of all the meta setups we currently use (see below).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - `.meta` - Contains a list of all the meta setups we are currently using (see below).
```

Reviewer: Bitte das "the" entfernen.

>  - `initial_setup.sh` - Performs the initial `git clone` for every repository

Reviewer: Bitte "the" durch "an" ersetzen.

in every meta setup.
 - `update_all.sh` - Performs a `git pull` and `git fetch` for every repository

> in every meta setup, allowing you to update the entire ProcessEngine

Reviewer: > allowing you to update all repos of ProcessEngine

with a single command.

> ## The meta setups

Reviewer: Diese Überschrift folgt nicht der "manche Sachen groß schreiben"-Regel, die wir sonst im PE-Team anwenden.

Author: Kann ich grad nicht ganz folgen.

Hast du ein Beispiel?

Reviewer: Mmmh, vielleicht ist das auch nicht mehr aktuell.

Es gab so eine Regel, deren Name mir grade nicht einfällt, nach der im PE-Team immer die Groß-/Kleinschreibung von Commits, Überschriften und Repo-Beschreibungen gemacht werden sollte (früher). Das einzige Beispiel, das ich auf die Schnelle finde, sind die Überschriften in dieser [README](https://github.com/process-engine/skeleton) und viele Commits im BPMN-Studio ([bspw. dieser](https://github.com/process-engine/bpmn-studio/commit/8a6f9a5ab80905798cf27cbb1555c4ef1b118516)).

Evtl. war das aber auch gar kein Dogma und ich habe das falsch verstanden o_O ?

We use a number of so-called `meta setups` to group our github repositories.

Each of these setups is a github repository and contains a `.meta` file
that lists all the repositories it requires.

For example:
The [`consumer_api_meta`](https://github.com/process-engine/consumer_api_meta) repository has a [.meta](https://github.com/process-engine/consumer_api_meta/blob/develop/.meta) file,
which lists all the github repositories that make up the Consumer API.

We currently employ the following meta setups:

>  - `bpmn-studio_meta`

Reviewer: Leerzeile oberhalb

 - `consumer_api_meta`
 - `deployment_api_meta`
 - `essential_projects_meta`
 - `external_task_api_meta`
 - `kpi_api_meta`
 - `logging_api_meta`
 - `management_api_meta`
 - `metrics_api_meta`
 - `persistence_api_meta`
 - `process_engine_meta`
 - `token_history_api_meta`

In addition, the setup's `.meta` file contains the following separate repositories:

>  - `documentation`

Reviewer: Leerzeile oberhalb

 - `identity_server`
 - `process_engine_runtime`

> ## How to use the scripts

Reviewer: Ich persönlich finde diesen Überschriftenstil tatsächlich auch besser als den sonst verwendeten. Wir sollten uns aber im Team für eine Art entscheiden. Lass das nochmal mit den anderen besprechen. :+1:

> ### Initial Setup

Reviewer: s.o.

1. Download all three setup files
    - **NOTE**: All files **must** be stored at the same location!
2. Run `./initial_setup.sh`
    - All meta setups will now be cloned locally
    - After that, all repositories are cloned into the individual meta setups

Given the great number of repositories we use, this can take a few minutes.

> Go get a coffee or something.

Reviewer: Ich mag die selbst-ironische Art dieser Bemerkung, aber die letzten beiden Sätze könnten auch falsch rüberkommen.

After this script has finished, you are good to go!

### Installing the meta setups

All the meta setups contain an npm script named `reinstall`, which performs
the following:

> - Clear out all existing `node_modules`

Reviewer: Leerzeile oberhalb

- Clear the npm cache

> - Run `npm install` and `npm build` for every Typescript package

Reviewer: > TypeScript

> - For the Consumer API: Run `dotnet restore` and `dotnet build` for every .NET package

Reviewer: das "the" streichen

Author: Ist `Consumer API` hier wirklich als Eigenname anzusehen? 
Denke ich eigentlich eher nicht.

Reviewer: > Ist `Consumer API` hier wirklich als Eigenname anzusehen?

Das ist eine gute Frage. Ich hätte gedacht, schon. Weil es ja im Gegensatz zu "REST API" kein allgemeiner Begriff ist. Aber ich kann mich auch irren.

So to install any of the meta setups, you only need to run `npm run reinstall`
from within the corresponding `*_meta` folder.

**NOTE**:
The `process_engine_runtime` also contains a `reinstall` script that you can
execute with `npm run reinstall`.

### Update the setup

To update your local setup, simply run `./update_all.sh`.

> The script will perform the `git pull && git fetch -p --all` command over every

Reviewer: Sollten wir hier wirklich so genau beschreiben, **wie** das Tool das macht. Wäre es nicht robuster, zu beschreiben, **was** das Tool macht ("will update all git repos in every meta setup").
